README.md, before:

# Moderu モデル

![](https://travis-ci.org/crispgm/moderu.svg)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-jekyll-blue.svg)

(WIP) Moderu is a Jekyll theme designed for photography models.

Plan:

- [x] Basic layout
- [ ] About page
- [ ] Google Analytics support
- [ ] Theme color customization
- [ ] Disqus support
- [x] Tests

## Installation

Add this line to your Jekyll site's `Gemfile`:

```ruby
gem "moderu"
```

And add this line to your Jekyll site's `_config.yml`:

```yaml
theme: moderu
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install moderu

## Usage

Edit `data/photo.yml`:

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at <https://github.com/crispgm/moderu>. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## Development

To set up your environment to develop this theme, run `bundle install`.

Your theme is setup just like a normal Jekyll site! To test your theme, run `bundle exec jekyll serve` and open your browser at `http://localhost:4000`. This starts a Jekyll server using your theme. Add pages, documents, data, etc. like normal to test your theme's contents. As you make modifications to your theme and to your content, your site will regenerate and you should see the changes in the browser after a refresh, just like normal.

When your theme is released, only the files in `_layouts`, `_includes`, `_sass` and `assets` tracked with Git will be bundled.
To add a custom directory to your theme-gem, please edit the regexp in `moderu.gemspec` accordingly.

## License

The theme is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Make doc more friendly [ci skip]

README.md, after:

# Moderu モデル

![](https://travis-ci.org/crispgm/moderu.svg)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-jekyll-blue.svg)

Moderu is a Jekyll theme designed for photography models, as a place to show their photos.

Moderu is the Romaji of the Japanese word モデル, which actually the English word--model. :)

## Installation

Add this line to your Jekyll site's `Gemfile`:

```ruby
gem "moderu"
```

And add this line to your Jekyll site's `_config.yml`:

```yaml
theme: moderu
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install moderu

## Usage

### Photos

Edit `_data/photo.yml`:

```yaml
- name: Gakki 1
  desc: From Douban
  file: p2331515866.jpg
  date: 2019-03-11
  place: Tokyo
```

Only `file` is mandatory and others are optional fields. However, it would display better with these fields.

## Showcases

* <https://crispgm.github.io/moderu/index.html>

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at <https://github.com/crispgm/moderu>. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The theme is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
